(Captain), happy birthday!
This is my present to you...
I thought a bouquet of flowers might be a little cliche, but I knew I'd be happy to get one.
I didn't know what kind of flowers you like, (Captain), so I got you my favorites instead.
Don't they smell lovely? They're so sweet and soft...
You know, that's how I feel when I'm around you, (Captain).
This gift is my way of saying thanks for everything up until now... and everything from here on out.
Heh heh, I hope you like it.
It's your birthday, (Captain)! And what a splendid day it is!
I got you another bouquet. Happy birthday.
Sorry, I know it's a boring gift. I just couldn't figure out what to give you.
When you're with me, I feel like everything becomes brighter, and I can accomplish almost anything.
What would make a nice gift for someone that elicits that kind of emotion? That's a tough question.
Hm? You like flowers? Haha... Glad to hear it.
It feels fantastic when someone likes the same things you do.
Say, why don't I show you where these pretty flowers bloom?
Maybe there you can get a better sense of my gratitude.
Ah, morning, (Captain)...
Eh, no, I mean happy New Year!
You're up early. Are you trying to see the first sunrise of the year?
I knew it. You've got perfect timing. Let's go watch it together.
Ah, look! It's getting brighter out!
Heh heh, (Captain), I'm so glad that we can watch the first sunrise of the year together.
This year is definitely going to be great.
Morning, (Captain)! You're looking quite chipper so early in the day!
It's best to kick off the new year in high spirits, you say?
Wow, you sound like a sage. I should be taking notes.
Last year turned out great because I watched the first sunrise of the year with you.
So if I spend the whole day with you this year, just imagine what the future will bring... I mean, if you don't mind...
You don't? Thanks!
Ah, I almost forgot!
Happy New Year, and may it be wonderful, (Captain)!
(Captain), here you go!
It's a Valentine's Day present—what else would it be?
Heh heh, I'm so proud of it. I can't wait for you to try it, (Captain).
Ah, that's right! You're the only one I'm giving a present to, (Captain).
So don't tell anyone else, okay?
I finally found you, (Captain)!
Ugh, do you know how hard it is to find you?
Don't "what?" me. It's Valentine's Day.
This year's batch of chocolates I made are better than last year's. You won't be disappointed!
It'd be nice to hear you say my chocolates are the best.
Because of all the ones I made, yours are definitely the tastiest...
Aaanyway! Give me your honest opinion later, okay?
(Captain), what's this?
Ah, it's for White Day! I'm so delighted! Thank you!
Hm... How am I going to wait to give you a present in return for this? I'm way too happy.
But you're repaying me for my Valentine's Day gift in the first place, aren't you?
Heh heh... I suppose we don't need to worry about the complicated stuff.
Well, I'll keep finding ways to tell you how grateful I am, (Captain)... And tell you everything else I feel too!
It's going to be wonderful!
Wow, thanks for the White Day gift, (Captain)!
I love this kind of dessert! It's going right into my stomach!
Funny thing is, when I get something this nice every year, I don't really know how to respond.
I've never met anyone else who's made me feel all these different emotions before.
But, hey. The stuff I said last year about not sweating the small stuff still stands!
So with that said, shall we go out for a bit? I know it's a bit early, but I want to thank you for your thank-you gift.
Haha, then it's settled! I've already picked out the perfect shop to take you to and everything!
I guess it's Halloween. As a matter of fact, this is my first time celebrating.
We didn't have the custom in my hometown or anywhere else I lived.
There's something special about how today feels. I don't mind it at all.
What I mean to say is...
(Captain), will you teach me all about Halloween?
Hehe! I'm fully prepared for this year's Halloween! Note all the candy I purchased!
As for my prank... I'm still thinking.
It's not like I have much experience devising Halloween tricks, so nothing's come to me yet.
You suggest I tap into The Devil's power? You mean like this?
Making something suddenly appear out of thin air would certainly draw a few gasps.
I think it just might work! There you go again, showing me a fun little tip.
Here's a piece of candy as thanks.
Oh, is that not how I'm supposed to hand out treats? I still have much to learn.
Well, this makes another year of (Captain) acting as my Halloween mentor.
(Captain), happy holidays!
What are you planning to do for the holy night?
Me? Well, I'm going into town while it's still festive.
Huh? You'll go with me?
Heh heh, the truth is that I'd feel lonely if I were by myself.
So that would make me incredibly happy.
Ah! This is just like a date!
A date with (Captain) on the holy night... Let's have all the fun we can!
Hi, (Captain)! Thanks for coming to see me even though its freezing outside. It's been less than five minutes since I gave you the message!
I never would've thought you'd answer my invite, to be honest.
Last year's winter date felt more like a spur of the moment type of thing.
If you're going to invite someone out, you need to do it with intention.
That doesn't mean I didn't have fun with you last time, (Captain), because I definitely did.
Teehee, we're going to have so much more fun tonight compared to last year though.
Let's go, let's go! I've got a lot of things to show you this time around!
Hm?
Them? They look like mere children, and yet...
Hm. Right. Understood.
Excuse me!
Oh, I'm sorry! I should probably take this off.
Hope I didn't startle you! I've got a little request, is all.
I just got into town, so I have no idea where anything is.
Any idea where I can find good food and shelter?
It would really help me out if you could point me in the right direction. I get lost easily, so...
Ah, how rude of me. My name's Fraux. Nice to meet you, and thanks for the help!
Wow, I had a feeling you were skyfarers!
Call it a hunch based on the way you're dressed.
I guess that means you're the captain of this crew, eh, (Captain)? Quite the feat considering how young you are!
Hehe. Glad I can count on you if I get myself into trouble.
Thanks, Lyria. Mmm... Something sure smells good!
That's great! Thanks so much!
I know exactly where you're coming from! I'm starved too!
Oh, that's right! How about I treat you as thanks for showing me around town?
Really? Hm... How about sharing a meal with me, then? It'll be fun!
After you, Lyria!
Oh, it's (Captain) and the rest of the crew!
Hm... Say, (Captain). Can you show me that card you're holding?
I knew it. You're not going to believe what I'm about to tell you, but I need you to stay calm and listen.
I think we're inside a primal beast's memory of the War right now.
I know how you feel, Vyrn, but I need you to listen.
That card (Captain) is holding is imbued with a primal beast's memories. And right now we're inside one.
Hmm, tough to explain, but it's safe to say where we are now isn't located in reality.
We're currently standing in one of the fiercest battlegrounds from the War.
Looks like skydwellers managed to capture a few primal beasts and resist. This was a knock-down, drag-out brawl from the look of things.
The primal beast is trying to win against the skydwellers this time.
This primal beast is powerful enough to simulate entire realities; there's no telling what kind of effect a victory here would have on the real world.
It would probably result in another catastrophe like the War. Or worse.
I thought you'd say something like that.
Good question. Your presence here should be outside the primal beast's expectations.
Right. You should be able to mess up its plans by participating in the battle.
I thought you'd be coming.
Let me properly explain what's going on with the primal beast's memory. But first...
Do you have the card, (Captain)?
Thanks.
As I explained earlier, a primal beast's memories reside within this card.
Right. You were drawn into a memory thanks to the power of this card...
Whose original owner... is me.
Yes. It was all my doing! I'm sorry, but it was absolutely necessary, I assure you.
I'd like you to help me out. The explanation might get a little long, but I'm going to properly cover everything.
I need to tell you about a certain primal beast.
That beast trawls through the collective memory, amassing information from the time of the world's creation up to the present.
To create a new world.
The primal beast is attempting to create a world different from our own as we speak.
I couldn't say. Creating a new world is too massive of an event to know what might happen afterwards.
But if you want a worst-case scenario... it might just erase the world we live in.
Yes. That's why I created this.
That's right. It's infused with the residual energy of the primal beast in question.
With this you can intervene.
More or less.
I'm sorry I wasn't upfront before, but the fate of the entire world is at stake.
That's why I needed to do everything in my power to ascertain whether you were up to the task.
Honestly, you exceeded my expectations. So let me ask you again.
Will you work with me to put an end to the primal beast's plans?
Because I like you, (Captain). Nothing wrong with that, is there?
Heh heh! You're not just dependable but funny too!
Oh? I mean, it's not like I can't judge your qualities without knowing you for a long time.
Your well-worn, yet carefully maintained equipment tells how experienced you are as an adventurer.
Anyone could see that. And I had something else guiding me besides that...
A woman's intuition, you might say.
You're going to help? Wonderful!
Thanks so much!
Take this card. It will transport whoever holds it into the world of memory.
From there, all you have to do is participate in the War.
Correct. With your skill I'm sure you'll be able to—
That came from the restaurant downstairs.
Probably a robbery.
Me?
Sure.
Got it...
Whew...
You're all... too kind.
Your crew's always on an adventure like this one.
Hehe, leave the battles to me.
It's sure reassuring to have friends.
You're a hard worker, (Captain).
What's your favorite flower, Lyria?
What do you see up there, Vyrn?
I'm not alone anymore...
You have to be patient when searching for someone...
I can be stubborn, but you're so reasonable, (Captain).
Strength? I'll take beauty instead.
Look. It's all gone as predicted, hasn't it?
They're really putting in overtime for us, aren't they?
Putting them to use was definitely the right choice.
Oh, that reminds me. How are things going on your end?
It'll be just a little bit longer then.
Oh, they're fighting over there!
And yet...
I never sensed any fear, greed, or hostility from (Captain).
What a strange child. Utterly pure. Not entirely unlike...
Heh heh... Now then!
Yes. Seems like this one's just about over.
Pretty useful data from this one.
Everything's looking good. You'll have to keep it up though. Can't have you slacking.
Yes. Things are looking good this time, too.
Getting (Captain) to serve as a pawn in the simulation was a real lifesaver.
We've amassed quite a bit of data. I wonder how many more times we have left to run though.
But on that note...
I thought the awakening would be drawing near, but I haven't been able to hear your voice lately.
Hm?
Oh? Found your way off the battlefield, did you?
Heh.
Sorry, but I've decided to stop holding back.
And now... no one can challenge me.
Not with this power...
You don't have to understand. You don't have to love me. But still...
I... I still love everyone so much.
From the bottom of my heart...
It's okay, Fraux. Just seeing you smile makes me happy.
Thanks. You're the only one who understands me...
Heh heh.
Brings back memories, doesn't it?
I can feel power welling up within the card.
Any minute now...
Why? Why did my friend leave me?
You're wrong! The only one who understood—
Why? Why leave me? Why can't I just...
That's right. I didn't. I mean, I loved everyone. They were precious to me.
But the way things are now... I can't...
Then... then what should I...
It'll be over soon. All of it.
We've got enough data now, thanks to (Captain).
All that's left is to revive The Devil. Once I do that, a new world will be created.
And this world will end soon thereafter.
Oh?
What are you doing here?
Ah, looks like it's time for the grand finale.
You heard me, didn't you? It's exactly what it sounds like.
Your fights in the past haven't slowed the primal beast's plans in the slightest.
Just the opposite. They've helped us collect the data we need to create a new world.
Yep! Gotta hand it to you guys. You really did us a huge favor.
Not quite friends. I formed a pact with the primal beast contained within this card: The Devil.
What can you possibly do at this point?
I see...
It's such a shame to have to say this, but if you're going to get in my way, I have no choice.
I've been watching you fight this whole time. You're strong, but I advise you not to underestimate me.
My power is... Well, you'll see soon enough.
Ah, that's right!
That.
I'll be taking that back now.
I asked for your help to revive the primal beast locked in this card as well.
That's right. It's time.
Now, then.
(Captain)? And... the rest of you are here, too? Why?
Huh... So I couldn't even die...
What's wrong with you? Why do you worry about me? You're only giving me a chance to hurt you!
That's honestly how you see this?
I was completely willing to see the world destroyed. I wanted that. That was all me.
I wanted to eliminate myself along with those who had done me harm. Nothing wrong with that, is there?
This world did nothing but wound me with hatred, neglect, hostility, jealousy, greed...
There was nothing left in this world for me to cling to. So I answered the primal beast's call.
The demon in the card told me there'd be nothing in the new world to do me harm.
Probably just meaningless promises to earn my trust. But I didn't care.
You have the power of that primal beast now, don't you, Lyria?
It deceives people. Tempts them with what they want to hear.
Fight back against that temptation.
How can I not? We can never understand each other.
So long.
Well now. You've all come...
Heh heh... It's been a while, hasn't it?
Huh?
I don't know how you managed to find this place.
Oh... It must have been The Devil who brought you here.
Didn't I tell you to take care to avoid deception? Are you really going to just believe that beast?
You're all terribly kind.
Let me explain.
About the truth of the Arcarum primal beasts.
The Devil and the other Arcarum were created by another primal beast.
That beast was their master, The World.
It was none other than The World who attempted to create another cosmos for itself.
Yes, I suppose you could say that.
What's more, the Arcarum primal beasts can't oppose their creator, The World.
Exactly.
Oh... So that's why it needs me.
If I weren't here, it couldn't keep on existing.
The Arcarum primal beasts were created by The World.
My understanding isn't all that deep, but it seems that they were designed in a way that's slightly special.
They weren't the most stable things to begin with, so they need some sort of tangible form in this world—some sort of vessel.
We Evokers are the ones who made a pact to fulfill that role.
Our pact is coming to its end.
But since it still holds, we're connected. That's why he hasn't disappeared and how you were able to locate me.
After this, well, it's probably just a matter of time though.
(Captain).
You and your friends want to stop The World's grand designs, don't you?
I'm sure you can't. I'm going with you.
Yeah. It doesn't matter anyway.
I couldn't care less what happens from here on out.
Huh?
That's...
(Just a bunch of feel-good silliness...)
(Captain)...
(Ah, that's right... Those eyes are a lot like that person's.)
Lyria, (Captain)...
There's someone that I want to meet once more. But I don't know where they are...
There's nobody who's dearer to me.
Would you help me look for them?
Heh heh... You're so reliable. But it won't be that easy, you know?
Okay. That's right. Together we'll find a way.
The real me that you're after... probably doesn't want to give up for anything.
That's why...
I won't quit until I can meet that person again. I'll stay with you for as long as it takes!
Thank you, everyone.